Add drafted content to the repository (#4538)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/contributing/browser-support.md

# How we provide support for different browsers

> Users can access government services through a wide range of new to older browsers. Our components provide a baseline experience through HTML and CSS, allowing all users to complete their tasks even [if JavaScript is not working](https://www.kryogenix.org/code/browser/everyonehasjs.html). Some components have JavaScript enhancements which add extra features or fix accessibility issues.

Reviewer: I remember being asked to take this out, but cannot remember who asked or why.

The Design System team needs to balance how we support older browsers using JavaScript enhancements due to:

- engineering - for example, if a browser has an outdated APIs
- end-users (larger file sizes to download and run due to extra code for using the old APIs, or replicating features from newer APIs)

> From GOV.UK Frontend v5.0.0 onwards, Internet Explorer 11 will no longer run GOV.UK Frontend JavaScript and support is completely removed for Internet Explorer 8 to10. Our CSS are still compatible with Internet Explorer 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From GOV.UK Frontend v5.0.0 onwards, Internet Explorer 11 will no longer run GOV.UK Frontend JavaScript and support is completely removed for Internet Explorer 8 to 10. Our CSS are still compatible with Internet Explorer 11.
```
